Initial postgres setup action version (#1)
Particular/setup-postgres-action: README.md

# setup-postgres-action

> This action handles the setup and teardown of an Postgres database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action handles the setup and teardown of a PostgreSQL database.
```
